ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF

JASPER INNOVATIONS, INC.

The undersigned, in order to form a corporation for profit under the General Corporation Laws of the State of Delaware, hereby adopts the following Articles of Incorporation:

ARTICLE I

The name of the corporation is: Jasper Innovations, Inc.

ARTICLE II

The corporation is organized and shall be operated exclusively for the pursuit of profit and distribution of its earnings to its shareholders.

ARTICLE III

The address of the corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware is: 10187 Mountain Meadow Rd, Dover, Delaware, 19904. The name of its registered agent at that address is Reagan Law & Associates, LLC.

ARTICLE IV

This corporation is authorized to issue one class of shares and the total number of shares which this corporation is authorized to issue is 1,000,000. 

ARTICLE V

The corporation is to have perpetual existence.

ARTICLE VI

The Board of Directors is authorized to create and issue, whether or not in connection with the issuance and sale of any stocks or other securities of the corporation, rights or options entitling the holders thereof to purchase from the corporation any shares of its capital stock of any type or classes, such rights or options to be evidenced by or in such instrument or instruments as shall be approved by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE VII

The affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by the Board of Directors, who need not be shareholders. The initial board shall have three (3) directors.

ARTICLE VIII

The articles may be amended in any manner at any regular or special meeting provided that said amendment has been submitted in writing at the previous regular meeting or has been submitted in writing and approved by the Board of Directors.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned being the Incorporator hereinbefore named, has executed these Articles of Incorporation this 12th day of March 2022.

_________________
Ryan M. Jasper
Incorporator
Address: 123 Lark Street, Buffalo, New York 10025