---

**The Articles of Incorporation**
of
Innovative Pendulum, Inc.

Article I: Name 

The name of the corporation is Innovative Pendulum, Inc.

Article II: Registered Agent & Office 

The Registered Agent of the corporation shall be John F. Harvest, located at 3451 Novelty Street, Springfield, Vermont, 05156.  

Article III: Purpose 

The purpose of Innovative Pendulum, Inc. is to engage in any lawful activity for which corporations may be incorporated under the General Corporation Law of Vermont.

Article IV: Capital Stock 

Innovative Pendulum, Inc. is authorized to issue two classes of shares to be designated, respectively, "Common Stock" and "Preferred Stock". The total number of Common Stock authorized to be issued is 50,000,000 shares, $0.01 par value per share. The total number of Preferred Stock authorized to be issued is 10,000,000 shares, with a $0.10 par value per share.

Article V: Directors 

The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. To amend Article V would require the approval of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the voting stock of the Corporation.

Article VI: Liability & Indemnification 

No director of the corporation shall be personally liable to the corporation for any monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. The corporation shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any person made or threatened to be made a party in a proceeding by reason of serving the corporation as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary, or agent.

Article VII: Incorporator 

The name and address of the incorporator are Edith P. Falconer, 762 Eagles Nest Avenue, Essex Junction, Vermont, 05452.

Article VIII: Amendment of Articles 

The corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change, or repeal any provision contained in these Articles of Incorporation as currently in effect or hereafter made pursuant by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then-outstanding shares of the voting stock.

In witness whereof, this certificate has been subscribed this 12th day of April, 2025 by the undersigned who affirms that the statements made herein are true under the penalties of perjury.

/s/ Edith P. Falconer 

---

This document is a fictional dataset and the above details such as company name, company purpose, and addresses do not correspond to actual entities or locations.